Add new Advanced Setting for Throughput Limits (#606)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/triggers.txt

Ordered triggers process events from the queue one at a time. An
unordered trigger can process up to 10,000 events concurrently.

.. note::

   If the linked data source is a dedicated server (M10+ Tier), 

>    your app can process up to 50,000 events concurrently. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   you can configure individual triggers to process up to 50,000 events concurrently.
```

The setting is per-trigger right?
